Nonsense
Back then, Lord Lian Zhen led Heaven Dou
Victory of Tiger Country
What are you?
Also deserve the credit of the King of Heaven
Mr. Harlem
What is your relationship with Lord Lianzhen?
He was my life-and-death comrade
No wonder it's so relevant
But if you are a comrade
I must have thought wrong.
fart
Lord Lianzhen is the existence of Heaven Dou second only to Long Shuai
You crawl out from the bottom
Who gave you the courage?
Let you dare to have a relationship with Lord Lian Zhen
You know nothing about me.
Effective immediately as I just said
You kid
No matter how you make trouble
It has no impact on us
Because these have already been predetermined
On the contrary, you dare to make trouble in Tengu
Let's ask for more
I think it makes sense to undo all of this
Anyway, you are in this battle
Nothing to contribute.
Then do as Mr. Lin said
I will respect Zhou Shu, my lord
This is the will of Longxia Central
You have no right to interfere
The flame has died, Marquis Fengming
This also includes the first-class awards issued to you
Aren't you worried that one piece will be revoked?
Mr. Lin
You are the hero who saved the entire dragon
How could I possibly steal your glory?
Although you lost the last battle
But I see it in you
The Indomitable Responsibility of the Commander of the Rebel Army
This dragon's first-class combat merit is yours
Come forward
But this is the meaning of Heaven Dou
Qi Yue thanked Mr. Lin
What is your relationship with Tiandoulong Shuai?
Heaven Dou Legion comes to take orders
The Heaven Dou Legion is here
That's great.
Tiandu sir
Someone is making trouble here
Please be sure to arrest him